What about this fledgling bird?
Stinky dick, do you know how much a penny costs?
You, a stinky little Japanese working part-time, were robbed
I dreamt of myself
I don't think this ability was meant for you
Use the system, but I can't help you now.
I'm sorry to designate Jiang Yufei as Ms. Guitian
Chairperson of Hydropower Success
Give me the bank card.
Lu Xuan, thank you for your kindness.
Empty yourself for me
It's not worth offending Li Le
Lu Xuan, let's go
This has nothing to do with you
Growth 5 million is nothing to me
Hahaha, Yufei Lele
Why are you still here?
Why don't you pay the fee quickly?
For example, we were going to pay the fee again.
There's no loser pretending to broadcast here
Said to pay for some
5 million was nothing
You came just in time
Let's see if this loser has this today
If you have this strength, you still need to do simp.
Team Leader Jiang, give him your bank card number.
You loser still want to learn to act tough
That's funny.
Doctor thank you
Let my business be solved too
Jiang Yufei defends him so much
It seems that you are a poor ghost.
It's not that I won't give you the card number.
I'll give it to you.
I'm here to see if you can take it out.
If you can't get it out
I'm dead hello
Bank card 5 million